hello sir i need one help sir actually in my old resume  i have to  to update okay so in my running company i have did one project that is kanban  application okay so i will gudie you all the model and all with technologies you have to give me short description about this project on the basis on my instrution and the project got ? so my project is using reactjs as a frontend and for the ui use the css and bootstrap latest okay and as a backend the python and the db is mssql got ? so in this project there are 5 tabs okay there admin dashboard,item master,production plan, serialized issued and the  kanban issued page got ? so in the priject first we have handle login and logoout and for this i have used the localstorage got ? according to login user we are giving the access to tabs okay so for the login user we are giving all  5 tabs access okay  so for the admin can what to do they add the normal user,delete user and edit user okay and change the password also this all can do the admin only and admin can also assign the role to normal user and according to assigned role  other user can access the tabs and they can do the activities got ? this is admin dashboard activities okay and for the item master we have display all the parts,model number and all okay so  here we can add the parts,delete the parts and edit also and all okay for the adding the parts we are using  excel file i mean we can dump also got ? and normally searching,filtering and the pagination we have applied all pages mostly got ? and not most important parts started from this project from production plan tabs got ? actually this is  hardware management some project wipro kwasaki project sir so in this production plan page we have display all the parts numer model and from the fronted side we have generate the date okay and according to the plan user can make the plan  the production for specifice partnumber and their number wise like this date this part number i have to do prodction 50 or somethign got  ? like this they can do at a time with multiple parts with according to date and they can edit also got ? now this next and also important tabs is serialized page issued here what ever the production we have did that all will dispaly in this page okay so user can do the select either in one or multiple and amay be all for that i have given the check or select option and they click on the  genenrate serial numer and they can generate the serial number. that serial number is generation based on the planning month,date year and company policies got ? and this generate serial number serialized on the date base also first user can select the date range then only the alll  what ever te prodution plan we ave did that  is fetching got then selection and generation sir got ? now after generating the serial number we have next work to print section got ? in this tabs we have given the serarch option oaky they user can search the part number and more than one also and they can select according to need and click on the print pdf option then it will print the pdf okay suppose i search 5 parts number and  checked all or partial then that much part number and serial numbaer and qr code this all is pringting proper  as a pdf got ? that much pdf got ? and also  people can see issued or non issued page  sir , and filter,search with date  all will apply with proper design got ? and the re print option only we have give access to for the login user only got ? after printing pdf the companny will got the pdf with partnumber,model,comapny name,qr and all they will use and stick with matching parts and finally sell in the market got ? this are the over all work in this project sir so for the better description and all give proper,beautiful and professional way sir got ?